We have come to the end of our lesson on the technology of data science.
The final lesson of the data science for business leaders course.
We've discussed the three layers of a data science architecture.
The components of a data and data architecture strategy in training data bias.
Finally, we've covered key determinants of which direction to go on
the build versus buy decision for how to host your machine learning architecture.
All that remains in the course is to complete the Capstone project,
in which you will develop your own data science strategy for a company of your choosing.
The next section will describe that activity in detail,
I wish you the best of luck.